DOC-3425: Fixed links in CE 4.8 Corda Networks and Corda Network Foundation sections. (#302)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.8/enterprise/network/network-map.md

This ensures that when a node encounters an owned contract it can uniquely identify it and knows that all other nodes can do the same.
Encountering an owned contract in a JAR that is not signed by the rightful owner is most likely a sign of malicious behaviour, and should be reported.
The transaction verification logic will throw an exception when this happens.

> Read more about *Package ownership* here “[Package namespace ownership](../node/deploy/env-dev.html#package-namespace-ownership)”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about package ownership in the [Package namespace ownership](../node/deploy/env-dev.html#package-namespace-ownership) section.
```
